You let me go
What are you doing at school?
Tian Weiwei, I gave you face, right?
If I hadn't shown up in time
Then the Gu family may not make it difficult for you
And don't make trouble for me at school
Our family has no money to wipe your butt.
Are you my brother?
Don't you see what my hands look like?
Can I cause trouble?
Don't you know my personality?
Sister, your hand is hurt like this.
Brother is indeed a little sad
Let's go and take you to a bandage
Don't touch it, don't come to me
When I marry you, see how I will deal with you
This brother looks like no three four
No wonder he was raised with such poor character
Ok stop talking
Mom, look at brother
Making movies for all the girls in the school is also tested
Why does he care so much about that Tian Weiwei now?
You won't be so spoiled by him, will you?
I want it as fast as I can
Don't be discovered
Shengsheng this time, no matter what
Brother won't lose you again
You've been staring at you lately
Don't let that fox get close to you
Ok, leave it to me.
Okay, I'm working on a new music classroom recently
I'll go see the model room.
Okay, bye.
Ah!
Why are you so nervous, sister?